It almost feels like cheating.
>> I fear that I'm getting dumber and and
lazier. Like if I'm on a flight and
there's no like internet connection like
that, I just don't feel like working
anymore.
>> That's Peter Yang. He spent a decade
building [music] products at Reddit,
Meta, and Roblox. Now he runs a
newsletter for 140,000 people with no
team. Almost all of it through AI.
>> Unlike like a employee is never going to
leave you.
>> And it's only getting exponentially
[music]
better.
>> Last 10% you got to add your human touch
to it. You don't have to be a creator to
make this. I see a lot of creators they
they like to get AI to generate like 10
posts per hour and like the slop goes
viral. This dish is heartening
>> for someone who's trying to stay ahead
in this AI era. What should they be
doing?
>> So step number one is use codeex or
clock code. And step two is to
>> So I really wanted to make this podcast
practical for everyone who's watching.
There is something that's going on in AI
right now that everyone is talking about
is self-improving. And you recently
built cause self-improving skills and
the whole narrative is like stop
prompting your AI make it figure out
what to do next. Can you talk about that
and is self-improving a reality for
people who are just using AI versus
researchers?
>> Yeah, there's like different ways to do
it. I think uh first of all like you
know I think all your audience knows the
skill is just like a text file with a
bunch of instructions, right? And yeah,
I have skills for making my podcast for
editing my newsletter post and so on.
most basic way to do a self-improvement
is after you use the scale and you have
a back and forth conversation with the
AI because it never gets it right in one
one shot then you just say like hey
based on our conversation can you please
update the scale to account for you know
to try to get to it in one shot faster
right and then it'll make a bunch of
changes and you should review it and
then hopefully you'll do it better the
next next time
>> when I integrated AI into every part of
my work it almost feels like cheating
and a year before that you said you were
drowning in meetings and projects What
are the top three things that you
deployed in this year that dramatically
changed how productive you are?
>> So I I can talk about my creative work
since we're both creators and uh you
know being a creator is like a lot of
repetitive work, right? Like a lot of
repetitive copy and pasting back and
forth and like changing things from like
a newsletter post to like uh like
YouTube description to like social post.
There's like a lot of kind of like
different formats and I I I just decided
to spend one day like just like you know
no meetings and just sat down with
codeex and be like hey I I basically
just brain dumped all my workflows to
codeex and here's how I do it manually
and I use this thing called whisper flow
just like bringing up right through my
voice. So [snorts] there's like a couple
major ones like uh you know prepping the
podcast post-production. There's editing
my newsletter posts. There's posting to
the various social media platforms. And
then another one is just like setting up
a advisor to kind of give me like
business advice like checking ideas.
>> Is it like an agent that's running or
>> is it's just like a scale that's linked
to a Google doc file that has like a
bunch of personal information about my
business
>> and then kind of gives me advice.
>> Uh talk to me about uh posting on
different platforms. How does it work?
Do you dictate something with your voice
or does it see what kind of videos you
produce and repurposes them?
>> Uh I have some like uh crown jobs which
is basically like you know like this
morning briefings weekly reports that
send me how like other channels are
doing what kind of videos are popular.
Now I post to social media platforms
through codeex directly. Before I was
using this tool called Typefully,
>> these like social media tools,
>> but like some of the platforms I post to
like Substack Notes, they don't have any
kind of like API in integrations, right?
So I I just told Codz, hey, I I I I want
to schedule post Substack notes. Can you
help me figure it out? And then it went
to the browser and it sniffed out some
internal APIs that they're using to
post.
>> So it sniffed out internal APIs and then
>> but it could also do computer use,
right?
>> It it can also do computers. Yeah. So it
can do both. But now but now I can post
to like four platforms. composed to X
LinkedIn threads and uh subsc
in in in the skill it has like some
nuances like for example on X you want
to tag the person that you interviewed
right
>> you want to find the handle but on
LinkedIn you cannot really tag it's kind
of hard to tag so like I I kind of just
bring dump it all the codeex and now you
can actually do the tweaks for for me
>> so it kind of saves me a lot of time
>> do you get the final approval before it
posts or it just goes ahead and post by
itself
>> I still draft it I don't just get it to
generate copy to post So I I still I I
just like you know use whisper flow and
bring bring dump some random thing into
codeex.
>> So you talk to it, it takes your voice
and just like creates different social
media posts.
>> It creates different social media posts.
It also has my you know uh examples of
posts that I've done that have gone
really viral.
>> So it can help me like uh clean out my
brain dump into like a more polished
post. Yeah.
>> And then I'll take a look and be like
okay go post it to all four platforms.
[snorts]
>> Does it have access to your analytics to
assess what's going on right now?
>> Uh it does. Yes, it has access to
analytics from various platforms and
also Typefully the the thing I use also
has analytics. So, it did some analysis.
Like for example, it found that uh on
LinkedIn, I don't know if it's G or not,
but like if you just do a post with a
bunch of links to all your tutorials and
stuff, it tends to do better than if you
do a single one.
>> So, I I I had no idea about that. So,
I'm going to do more of that now.
>> What about newsletter? Is it the same
process where you talk about what you
want to have in your newsletter and it
creates it?
>> Newsletter depends on what kind of post
I'm making. So, for example, like um I
think by the time this goes out, I have
published a post about why I'm leaving
my job. So, that one I just kind of like
went on a walk and kind of dictated to
Whisper Flor's voice tools and and kind
of just like brain dumped my real
thoughts and
>> Codex direct into Codex.
>> No, no. Um I could do it to Codex, but I
I use this tool called uh like Super
Whisper that records like 10 minutes of
my brain dump and then I copy and paste
the whole thing into Codex cuz Codex I'm
just worried like if I dictate for 10
minutes, Codex will get confused. that
that's my worry, too. Or something stops
working and it just
>> keeps processing and nothing happens.
That happened to me a couple times. And
it's not just Godex. I think it's the
context field that is not designed for a
10-minute
>> prompt. And how many how many edits do
you typically do with uh in this
process?
>> Um it's interesting cuz like with AI,
I'm kind of giving a feedback for it to
edit. It's actually harder to just edit
yourself and just give it feedback,
right? So like I I I bring up it, I give
it the codeex, it does a bunch of
editing and it uses my best examples to
edit and then inevitably there's
something wrong. So I have to read
through and I get kind of voice takes a
bunch of feedback and it doesn't pass.
>> Mhm.
>> And then maybe the last 10% I have to
manually change change stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Like is actually important like I always
emphasize like the last 10% you got to
add your human touch to it. You can't
can just like AI slopify everything.
>> Basically all your written content is
>> Yeah. created with the help of AI. Talk
to me about the strategic uh thing that
you're doing. Is that like in the
morning it briefs you on what's
performing, what's not, or
>> Every week it sends me a brief about how
much money I made this week and and and
also like um how did my past 30 days
content perform
>> and also like all the other channels
that make similar content. Is there any
kind of outliers?
>> Mhm.
>> You know, so uh and it does does that
for YouTube and also for Substack.
>> Mhm. And and for Substack, it doesn't
have API, so it has to use browser use
to look up everything.
>> Yeah.
>> So that would take me like an hour to do
manually, but like it it does it.
>> If your days are backtoback meetings,
you don't want to spend extra time 40
minutes after each meeting
reconstructing what was decided, who
owns what, what the next step actually
is. Transcriptor records, transcribes
instantly, and generates structured
summaries with clear next steps. There's
also a search function across all of
your past meetings. You ask a specific
question, it pulls who said what, which
decision was made and when. I talked to
founders who actually use it for
onboarding using archives of the past
six months of calls instead of rewriting
everything from scratch. Enterprisegrade
security, so it works whether you're a
fivep person startup or a larger org.
Link is in the description. Sign up with
your work email. You get free 300
minutes. You mentioned some of your
editing is done with AI.
>> Yeah. Is that where you do you dump a
transcript and it edits it out or what's
the process?
>> Yeah, for video editing, I feel like
maybe I haven't gone deep into it yet,
but I still use like a human like a
video editor.
>> Uh, but the transcript is very useful
because I dump the transcript into
codeex and it tells me
>> here's the moments where like you had
like awkward pauses or like stuff you
should cut. Here's the timestamps and
also for like the intro, here's kind of
like what you should pick. Like here's
like the the spicy quotes from the
interview that you should pick. Yeah,
it's [clears throat] it's fascinating
how this has become so much faster
versus a year ago. It's just Yeah, it's
a different reality these days. So,
you've described all of these things
that you've built. How often do you
build something new?
>> Pretty much every single time I talk to
AI something something changes, right?
Like update some skills or
>> something changes. But you some like
from zero to one or
>> Well, my hope is that I can uh
streamline a lot of my content
production and you know for audience I'm
not going to slify everything. I'm I'm
still applying taste, but I want to
streamline all of it so I can save more
time because I actually want to be a
builder cuz you know I I spent a decade
of my career just building products
inside big companies and I want to now
that we have all these a agents and
tokens we can use. I want to like build
different tools like open source tools
or things that you know solve my own
problems.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. So I want to do both. I don't want
to just be a creator. I want to be a
creator and a builder.
>> Nice.
>> So I'm going to spend more time doing
that.
>> Mhm. Yeah.
>> How do you make decision when to build
something and when it's okay the way it
is?
>> Um is usually I I I feel like you know
it's best to kind of build stuff to
solve your own problems. So like uh for
example I I built like a fitness app. I
mean everyone is building fitness apps
but I I I built a fitness app that helps
me track my workouts and then uh it has
an MCP to kind of like send me emails on
my health.
>> You know that's one thing I built. I'm
doing something else right now. you
know, in Gmail, like you get a lot of
scam scammers and and like u my my
parents have no idea like they like, you
know, their bank sends them an email,
but it's actually like xyz@hotmail.com,
>> right? So, I'm trying to build like some
sort of extension to just highlight that
this is a scam,
>> how long does it take you to build
something like that?
>> I think to get to 80% there, it probably
just takes a couple hour hours
>> because you just make a plan and you get
to do it. But to actually make it good
and to test it and polish it, that that
takes more time. that takes like a
couple days or like you know depending
on where your quality bar is where you
want to go.
>> Before we start building something, you
have this system with five layers of AI
adoption. Can you walk me through them
and let's decide which layer do we want
to land on today?
>> I made this five layer thing actually
like 6 months ago. So most people are in
layer one which is just using AI for
everyday answers. They're using chatbt
and cloud and asking questions. I think
the second layer is like using AI for
daily work. So you're still in chatbt
and cloud but you're using projects and
other things to like um to not do so
much copy and pasting to like set up
projects for different things like I
don't know giving you a life advice
automating your content stuff but um
because it's in chat and cloud you still
have to copy and paste the output to
somewhere else right so it's still like
a lot of going back and forth
>> um and then and then I think this is
more from like a product perspective but
then a lot of people uh in my you know
as a product manager you want to use AI
for prototyping cuz like product
managers, we all used to just write a
bunch of dot documents that none of our
engineers wanted to actually read read.
So, so now with all these tools like
lovable and like um replet and you know
codeex and everything else, you can
actually build prototypes of your uh
products. So like I usually take a
screenshot of my product and I'm like
hey can you make a prototype of this and
make some changes and show it to my
engineer and the designer.
>> Uh so that's then and then you can use
AI level four to build different apps.
So like there's between building a
personal app for yourself and trying to
like build an app that like millions of
people use, right? So when I say
building apps is is a lot of is just
like personal apps for yourself.
>> Does a where do the agents uh go in
these layers?
>> Well, if if you're just building an app
like you know you can just put it on
Versell or something and then have a
link that people can you use. So it's
not it's not really looping or anything.
>> Okay. Yeah. So and that's layer four.
>> Layer four. Yeah.
>> And layer five.
>> Layer five. Layer five is what we've
been talking about, which is like you
actually use AI kind of for like as a
personal agent to try to like streamline
and automate as much as you can,
>> right? And and like and it it sounds
like very complicated, but really it's
just about like sitting down like like
canceling all your meetings for a day
and sitting down and like thinking
through your past week, all the time you
spent time manually doing stuff and and
just like sharing it with your AI
friend. Can you walk me through a
process that we just talked about uh in
a very practical way so that people
who've been using AI on like level one
maybe some level two
>> can move to maybe ideally level five uh
where it's more
>> I I I feel like the most practical step
that most people should take is just to
like stop using chatbot and just start
using codeex or claw code that's like
step one and like people get intimidated
by this stuff like codex and claw code
like this is like a programming
>> sounds very nerdy. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But in reality, it's just like
you're still just chatting with the AI,
right? And like when I use Codex, like
80% of the time I'm I'm not building I'm
I'm not coding or or any of that.
>> It's it's just more powerful because uh
you know these two apps, they have um
you can build skills for them. They have
access to APIs and integrations, so they
can actually get work done across your
other apps. And they're just like way
more powerful than just default chatbot.
So, so basically like what I recommend
you do is use C codeex or cloud code and
set up a new folder. Call it like
personal OS or whatever you want to call
it. Just call it a folder, right?
>> And then I asked it like what are the
main workflows that it can do here and
you can kind of see here that um
>> oh you asked codeex to come up with
>> well this is all the stuff that I've set
up over time,
>> right? So basically like you know as we
talked about it uses like various
different skills and skills are just
text files to do work for me. So like
for example to to edit my newsletter it
it has this skill to shape a rough note
into transcript and then it also uses
this other skill called last 30 days to
add fresh research and then uses another
skill called no AI slop
>> to make the writing clear.
>> I like that. What what if you don't ask
it for last 30 days it's just going to
emit.
>> I think somewhere in the skill I have
some instructions like hey do some
online searches to you know make sure
I'm like you know saying stuff that's
actually true. Another thing like people
should recognize is that there's a lot
of like open source skills that are
really good, you know. So last 30 days
is like some open source skill that I
found on GitHub and it does like
searches across like Reddit X and all
these other platforms.
>> Genius. I need this.
>> And then it uses no slop to and and and
then eventually the newsletter post gets
to a point and I use social writer skill
to make uh to turn a newsletter into
like a bunch of threads.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. So that's for newsletter and then
for podcast is a very similar format
like I I use this podcast prep skill to
research guests that I have and then and
then you know as part of making stuff on
YouTube you know this is better than
anyone you got to have a really good
thumbnail title and copy.
>> Mhm.
>> So I have a whole skill to just like
test different thumbnails and titles
>> and then and then based on that I
decided the podcast is even worth doing
and then I I do like a post-production
scale like turning into all kinds of
stuff. [snorts]
>> Yeah. Sponsors we both have sponsors is
like a lot of work. Yeah.
>> So I I I asked it to keep track of my
sponsors through different skills and
also help me draft and brainstorm
sponsor copy, help me, you know,
schedule stuff on the inventory and all
that kind of stuff. Yeah. So so I guess
the TRD is like uh these workflows are
done by connecting different skills
together that that you build and like
for all these skills I I don't actually
>> can you show one of them like just go
into like strategy for example where
it's built and like walk me through how
you built it.
>> Yeah, sure. Let's just say open personal
the sound.
>> I think one of the most useful skills
that I built is just like a personal
advisor skill because uh I guess um my
wife is tired of me asking for advice
all all the time. It literally is just a
text file, right? So it's a text file.
Give me an honest advice and you know
you're my trusted life and business
advice [laughter]
and then keep your tone warm, right? And
then uh this this stuff is like a little
bit more f fancy. There's like evals and
stuff but we can talk about that later.
>> Learnings is that your file? Yeah, Codex
itself has memory, but I asked it to
save an error text file called
learnings.m MD to save memory from our
past conversations. So, it kind of
learns about me. This is kind of the
self-improving stuff that we talked
about
>> with something they've released
yesterday cuz they released something
when it now remembers all of your
conversations like has this expanded
memory. Do people still need learnings
MD?
>> Well, I don't actually know how their
like systemwide memory works. So maybe
you don't need it, but like it's also
useful for me to read learnings.m MD and
see what kind of like uh conversations
I' I've had with it in in the past.
>> For learnings MD file, do you ask it how
do you prompt so that every conversation
contributes to that file?
>> Yeah. So um you also have to think about
managing the context window because you
don't want it to be like super long.
Yeah.
>> Right. So I I have some instructions
saying like hey like after every
conversation you should ask me like you
should recognize kind of like patterns
and like learnings that you have and ask
me if if if I want to save on learnings
MD. So so ask me
>> and there are more strategic learnings
right because this is your personal
adviser. So after every single
conversation
>> uh it uses his best judgment whether it
wants to ask me or not. And then uh I I
also ask it like if you're going to save
it there just like have a few lines just
like have one or two sentences like
don't don't don't write like huge
paragraphs.
>> So that's the way it's so interesting
with these like how what what AI
actually remembers about you cuz
sometimes you think maybe it remembers
everything and you hope that it does but
in reality it doesn't or remembers stuff
that you don't really care about. Yeah.
>> So these learnings and so so you
basically prompted it saying
where does this prompt go? Does it go
>> uh it's it's just in the skill file like
the the the main skill file of like hey
before you before you answer any
questions I have like just quickly skim
through learnings.md
>> and uh once we finish conversation or
like in the middle of a conversation
when you see something ask me if this
should be added to this learnings MD
file and the skill runs across
everything that you do
>> because skill is triggered based on like
uh your description your skill
description in the top which is like so
here here I say like use whenever the
user is stuck on a decision or working
through a hard problem or asking for a
gut But sometimes it doesn't trigger
sometimes I have to like actually do
like slash give me a slash personal
advisor and then ask a question.
>> How do you come up with all the like for
me when I'm building this? There is so
much brain work going into this like
when to trigger this skill all the
nuances. Do you use codecs for that as
well?
>> Yeah. I I I never write any of these
files man manually
>> but you still no it's even not writing
it's just thinking about all the
nuances. Yes, I can think about a lot of
things for you. But then there is so
many different things that you want to
remember like when to trigger this
skill. What types of information you
want to go there? Oh, maybe and then you
wake up in the middle of the night. Oh,
I forgot to add this.
>> That's right. Yeah, I have a skill to
build skills, right? And anthropic
actually has a skill to build skills,
too. Personally, I'm like very worried
about just like it becoming sloppy. Like
it just like starts adding stuff. I
don't read it and it becomes like super
slop like if it's like super long.
because you also want to make sure
you're in control of whatever is in the
skill. And if AI just built a huge skill
for you, then you don't have time to
read it.
>> So, so my so my I have like a skill
editor skill is very basic. It just like
looks for like duplicate instructions or
like slop content and try to remove it
like [laughter] like I I I tell you try
to keep my all my skills to like one
page max
>> so I can actually read through it and
see if it makes sense or not.
>> Let's take a deeper look at what's
what's next. So,
>> uh yeah. So, so yeah. So like update the
plan and and and then and then and then
like so for for this personal advisor
thing I have my you know what why don't
I just ask it to um can you read my plan
Google doc and share its overall
structure without sharing confidential
info. [snorts]
So, so basically like and this is just
the way I I I do it like I have my
actual plan or like you know my business
plan or whatever in a in a Google doc
and and like I I find it's very useful
to as creator to like have some
principles to help you make the
decisions. So basically it's like a one
pager with my goal, my principles like
background of my business positioning
and uh some other stuff like energy and
other stuff, right? Like I don't know
about your goal but my goal is just to
like make x amount of money and just
like actually be in control of my time
and who I want to meet with. And then my
principles are like like I have a
problem where I tend to take on too much
stuff. So I asked to like just keep the
main thing the main main thing like
that's one of my principles like which
is like you know people invite you to
conferences and like you know do all
kind of like try to write write write a
book or do all kind of stuff and just
and just you have to say no because you
want to you should focus on making a
newsletter and a podcast. Great.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's so hard to stay focused right
but but because I have that principle so
when it gives me advice it has that
principle in mind so it can kind of
check me. Mhm.
>> Um and then the business stuff is more
just like um [snorts] you know like all
the financial information and I I think
it's very one important section is like
what gives me energy and what takes
energy away
>> and just like a couple bullet points
>> but like you know what gives me energy
is like you know vibe coding with
codeex.
>> What takes energy away is like I I don't
know like doing too many zoom calls or
something.
>> Totally. Yeah. So, so like, so I I think
I think it's very important like you
don't have to be a creator to make this
document, right? For any kind of career
you have. Just make this document uh and
putting a Google Doc somewhere and then
set up a skill to reference this
document when it gives you advice.
>> I think that like it's literally one of
my most useful skills. It's like not
super complicated, but like
>> it helps me make a lot of decisions for
better or for worse.
>> Most people use Claude like a search
engine. They type in a question, they
get an answer. Most times they're not
really satisfied with it and they close
the tab. I did the same thing for months
and I was looking at people who were
saying AI is changing their life and I'm
like then I spent one afternoon setting
it up properly. Uploaded a few files
about how I think and how I work and it
completely changed. I wrote the whole
process up step by step. You get it when
you subscribe to my newsletter, Future
Proof. It's free. The link is in the
description.
>> Yeah. Well, this is very powerful cuz it
then you can use it for anything that
you do. So it aderes to your principles.
>> Do do you have a team?
>> Uh I have like a video editor and a few
contractors, but no, I don't have a
full-time team. Yeah.
>> Do have you ever tried building like a a
AI chief of staff?
>> Uh yeah, I have one in uh uh this right
now I'm using this thing called Hermis.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Yeah.
>> What can you talk about this?
>> It's it's like open call but it's like a
little bit more reliable. And there's
like a team that built it. Uh, but you
can also just set up in codeex too. But
like I I I'm using Hermes right now
because
>> I I like having it in my messaging apps
like in Telegram and like wherever I
want to use it.
>> How do you use it? Talk to me about that
cuz I'm trying to build something.
>> Uh I'm trying to build uh I'm trying to
build an AI chief of staff. Yeah.
>> Uh where first of all like my strategic
decision making happens on Zoom calls
and in Telegram where I give feedback to
my team and I say yes or no. Yeah. Uh so
I want AI to learn my strategic
decision- making style.
>> Got it.
>> And then I just talked to you know how I
interviewed um the founder of Kalshi and
she has a team of developers but they
build this thing where it goes across
all the Slack chats they have every
Sunday and tells her where the team is
stuck, what was promised to be
delivered, what hasn't been delivered.
So somebody who just watches the whole
operation and keeps everyone
accountable.
>> I see.
>> Is that where you're trying to build
with Hermes? So you just have to think
about what are the inputs, what are the
what are you trying to do and what what
are the outputs, right? So the inputs
for like any kind of business is
probably like like Slack. Yeah.
>> And if you use granola to record your
media meetings, there's transcripts
there.
>> Just set up all the just ask like Codex
or Hermis or whatever just set up all
the integrations be like, "Hey, can you
hook up to my granola? Can you hook up
to my Slack?"
>> So for anyone who's at level two, let's
say, and wants to get to level five,
what are the steps they should be
taking? I think this is the step number
one really build something like a
strategic mindset. Yeah. behind all of
your AIS and projects and agents. What
are the next steps?
>> So step number one is as I said like to
just actually use codeex or clock code
just just start using that instead of
like the the regular stuff, right?
>> And
>> even projects like you
>> Yeah. I I I switched away from projects
cuz like I I set up all my projects here
instead cuz like um like with a project
if I want to edit a newsletter post it
spits out an output and I have to copy
and paste the output
>> to Google Doc
>> or like manually update stuff. Yeah,
>> but this stuff can just update Google
Doc for me. So it saves a step
>> makes sense.
>> So step one is to use the right apps.
And step two is to um just ask the right
questions like brain dump your workflows
and ask the right questions cuz I I feel
like a lot of people don't realize what
this stuff is capable of doing. You
know, like this stuff is basically
capable of doing in my opinion any kind
of knowledge work that you have as long
as you're patient with it and give it
the right context.
>> Yeah. So just ask the right questions
and then set up the workflows like we
just talked about and then build the
skills and integrations and and then
you're off to the races.
>> What do you think your life is going to
look like in a year?
>> A year. I've always worked in big
companies where there's always being a
lot of cross functional alignment,
right? You got to align different teams
and different orgs. I really actually do
really miss my engineering team and
people like that I enjoy working with at
work. But I feel like these days like uh
this is like the era of solarreneurs and
I feel like you can get so much done as
a agents stuff that you don't want to do
um that you can if it really frees up
your time to do stuff that gives you
more energy
>> you know and even the stuff that's like
strategic or gives me energy I I feel
like now I have this partner that knows
me.
>> Yeah.
>> And can like just like kind of be my
pair pair programmer or like partner to
kind of figure stuff out.
>> Do you think you're going to be working
less or more in a year? Uh, well, I I
think I'm pretty taipe, so I don't know
if I'm going to completely check out,
but um I hope I'll be doing more work
that I enjoy. At the end of the day, I
feel like if you and I retire, we'll be
borrowing play go play golf or
something, but it it would be very bor
boring.
>> Of course. Yeah, I think we're going to
keep working.
>> Yeah, we'll keep working, but we want to
do work that we actually enjoy, not like
the monus copy and paste or like, you
know, that that kind of work.
>> Do you have any fear around AI? Uh, I
feel like I I I fear that I'm getting
dumber
>> and and lazier. Like if I'm on a flight
and there's no like internet connection
like that, I I just don't feel like
working anymore cuz I don't I don't have
this partner.
>> You know, that's Yeah. Evolution. If you
take our grandparents, even my
grandparents, like they would never
understand my lifestyle cuz they were
constantly working. It's either at home
like my mom raised me while working,
while cooking, while cleaning and I'm
like, "Oh, I can't clean. I have I need
a cleaner.
going, "Oh, I just bought a robot vacuum
cleaner. I don't know how I lived
without it." We're becoming laser and
laser. That's true. Uh, but I think it's
it's actually then we have more time for
kids and meaningful time with uh with
our loved ones.
>> I I I do worry about our our kids cuz
like at least you and I grew up without
AI, so we have like 20 years of like
doing the basic stuff like basic
critical thinking skills and like you
know learning how to do math and stuff.
Mhm.
>> But I feel like our kids these days they
can they can start using Codex right
right now talk to you know computer.
>> So like uh you kind kind of have to make
sure they actually still learn the
fundamentals.
>> What what's your solution to that? What
are you trying to do with your kids
that's different from how you were
raised?
>> Yeah. I I have kind of like a rat
radical thing. I I I feel like they need
to um and maybe this is my bias but I
feel like they need to just like maybe
start a business or some something and
learn the real things because I I I feel
like reflecting on my journey my
education I didn't learn a ton from the
classroom. I I learn by like failing and
like making mistakes.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I feel like they need to have the
right mentality to do that kind of stuff
and like learn how to fail and just go
out there and like try to do something.
>> Do Do you ever have fear for your
career?
>> Yeah. My career.
>> Yeah. I I'm I'm talking to a lot of
creators these days and I see them at
events and a lot of people think that
creator economy is getting oversaturated
because everyone is suddenly a creator
because it's so much easier to create
content.
>> Um do you think that might be a problem?
I I do think it's a problem because I I
see a lot of creators like just making
slop like they they like they get AI to
generate like 10 posts per hour and like
the slop goes v viral and it's kind of
like um disheartening to see that
>> but I feel like that I think that's why
it's so important to find your
principles and values
>> cuz like I I never want to be someone
who just makes tons of slop even if it
goes viral and makes me a lot of money.
>> Yeah.
>> You know but but I do think um but maybe
people get tired of the slop and people
will be like hey I actually want human
craft and human touch on this stuff.
Let's finish with an action plan.
>> Yeah.
>> For um someone who's trying to stay
ahead in this AI era for the next week,
what should they be doing?
>> Okay. I think um to stay ahead uh get
the $20 chat GPD plan, download Codeex
and just start saving time and uh you
building workflows and building skills
to save time and asking to do it because
I feel like that's more productive for
you because you will immediately
recognize that you can start saving time
versus what a lot of people do which is
like they um go on Twitter and try to
like read all the news and like try to
you know take some courses or or
something like uh switch from
consumption mode to actual build mode.
>> Output. Yeah.
>> What if they come back and say, "Oh, I
tried but it didn't work. I don't know
what you're talking about. It's so bad.
It's so much easier to just do
everything by yourself."
>> Well, it does take longer. So, it's
interesting because like with AI, you
have to set up the system first before
you can see the fruits of the output.
And it does take time to set up the
system, but it probably only takes like
one day to do it, right? And you have to
have some patience cuz uh even now with
all this stuff I built, it still cannot
oneshot exactly what I want.
>> So, there's always kind of a back and
forth. And as long as you're patient and
you give it like feedback and tell to
save it in your skills and memory, it
will get better over over time.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and unlike like a employee is
never going to leave you. It's going to
be there.
>> It's never going to leave you and it's
only getting exponentially better. The
model will get better every single
month.
>> Peter, thank you so much. It was a very,
very productive conversation.
>> Thanks for having for coming.